[Verse 1]
Baby, baby, baby, yeah, I wanna satisfy you
Maybe I try too damn hard to show you I love you
What made you go and run this game on me?
When I stayed by your side
What made you go and leave?
[Chorus]
I'm tired of my heart (I'm tired of my heart) being broken (being broken)
I'm tired of these tears falling down my face (Falling down my face)
I'm tired of this love (I'm tired of this love) being taken, oh, for granted
For granted, won't you go your way, ooh
[Verse 2]
You don't know how I feel, I'm for real
I used to be in love, but not no more
When will you learn that I got feelings too?
You'll never know until it happens to you, yeah
[Chorus]
I'm tired of my heart (Yeah) being broken (Being broken)
I'm tired of these tears falling down my face (Falling down my face)
I'm tired of this love being taken (Oh) for granted
Won't you go your way?
[Bridge]
There's one thing I gotta ask of you
One thing, gotta ask of you (Gotta ask of you)
If this is true (True)
Why you took your love away?
Why you took your love away from me?
One thing I gotta ask of you (Gotta ask of you)
If this is true (True)
Why you took your love away? (Oh, why, why?)
[Chorus]
I'm tired of my heart (I'm tired of my heart) being broken (Being broken)
I'm tired of these tears falling down my face (Falling, falling, ooh)
I'm tired of this love (I'm tired of this love) being taken (Hey) for granted
Won't you go your way?
Go on, baby[Chorus]
I'm tired of my heart (I'm tired of my heart) being broken (Being broken, no)
I'm tired of these tears falling down my face (Falling down my face, yeah)
I'm tired of this love being taken (Hey, ha) for granted
Won't you go your way? (Hey, yeah)
Won't you go?
[Chorus]
I'm tired of my heart being broken (Oh)
I'm tired of these tears falling down my face (Runnin' down my face)
I'm tired of this love (Ooh) being taken for granted
Won't you go your way?
I'm tired of my heart being broken
I'm tired of these tears falling down my face
I'm tired of this love...