[Chorus: Destiny's Child]
Now that she's gone, you wanna come back
Is that a fact you've got it like that?
You made me wait too long
I'm gone
Now that she's gone, you wanna come back
Is that a fact, think you've got it like that?
You made me wait too long
I'm gone
[Verse 1: Kelly]
Take her to the movies
Dinner all the time
Shopping sprees for her
On me, you never spent a dime
But I was there for you
When you had nothing at all
Then, you got a little job and
She's the one you call
(And now)
[Chorus: Destiny's Child (& Kelly)]
Now that she's gone, you wanna come back (oh-oh oh)
Is that a fact you've got it like that? (oh-whoa, you made me)
You made me wait too long (and now I'm gone)
I'm gone (oh oh, oh)
Now that she's gone, you wanna come back (wanna come back)
Is that a fact, think you've got it like that? (you)
You made me wait too long (and now I'm gone)
I'm gone
[Verse 2: Beyoncé]
Oh no, you're taking me for granted
But you only get one chance
Then, you left me hurting
And it won't happen again, no no
So, she finally left you
It ain't no surprise
That you missed your water
'Cause your well went dry, oh
(Now that she's gone)
[Chorus: Destiny's Child (& Beyoncé)]
Now that she's gone, you wanna come back
Is that a fact you've got it like that? (is that a fact you've got it like that, yeah-yeah?)
You made me wait too long (I'm gone)
I'm gone (I'm gone, oh, oh now)
Now that she's gone (now that she's gone), you wanna come back (wanna come back to me)
Is that a fact, think you've got it like that? (got it like that, yeah)
You made me wait too long (I'm gone, I'm gone, I'm gone, I'm gone)
I'm gone (I'm gone, I'm gone, I'm gone)[Bridge: Destiny's Child (& Beyoncé)]
Understand, I understand
Why you think I'd want you back (oh-ooh)
After what you did to me? (yeah)
Did you think you blinded me? (oh-ooh)
Boy, you know whatever you do
It will all come back to you (oh yeah)
'Cause you tried to play me like a fool (oh yeah)
(I don't wanna say it again)
Understand, I understand
Why you think I'd want you back (ooh)
After what you did to me? (whoa-oh-oh-oh)
Did you think you blinded me?
Boy, you know whatever you do (oh-ooh)
It will all come back to you
(It will all come back to you, you-you-you-you)
[Breakdown: Beyoncé (& Destiny's Child)]
(Now that she's gone) You
Crawlin' back (ooh)
Got it like that
(You made me wait too long) Long
(I'm gone) No, oh-oh-oh oh
(Now that she's gone)
She's gone
Come back, oh
(You made me wait too long)
Too long, too long, too long (I'm gone)
Too long, I'm gone[Chorus: Destiny's Child (& Beyoncé)]
Now that she's gone (gone gone), you wanna come back (back, babe)
Is that a fact (fact, babe) you've got it like that (that, babe)?
You made me wait too long
I'm gone (gone, I gave you my heart)
Now that she's gone (I gave you my time), you wanna come back (you hurt me, baby)
Is that a fact (yes, you did), think you've got it like that? (oh)
You made me wait too long (thought I'd wait, but too late)
I'm gone (now I'm gone)
[Chorus: Destiny's Child (& Beyoncé)]
Now that she's gone (she's gone), you wanna come back (come back)
Is that a fact (a fact) you've got it like that? (no)
You made me (made me) wait too (wait too) long (long long long)
I'm gone (gone gone gone)
Now that she's gone (she's gone), you wanna come back (come back)
Is that a fact, think you've got it like that?
You made me wait too long (wait too long)
I'm gone (gone gone gone, gone gone gone)
[Outro: Destiny's Child (& Beyoncé)]
Now that she's gone, you wanna come back
Is that a fact you've got it like that?
You made me wait too long
I'm gone (I'm gone)
[Commandment #7: LeToya]
Thou shall not leave me wonderin'