[Spoken Intro]
You know
When you say your marriage vows
They're supposed to be for real
I mean, if you think back about what you really said about honor, loving and obeying till death do us part and all
But it shouldn't be that way, it should, it should, it should be lies because it turns out to be lies
If you don't honor what you said, you lie to God
The words should be changed
[Verse 1]
Ooh now as I recall, we tried a million times
Again, again and again, and that isn't all
I gave my love to you each time to make amends
Suddenly I start to realize I can't make it
Pretty birds fly away
I had to leave you for my health's sake
What to do? Make you pay, for leaving you, my fine, is to pay forever
So if a fresh new love comes in, I won't say those words again
Instead I'll say I'll try to love and protect you
With all my heart as long as you want me to baby
Ooh if I love again I'm gonna try a new way this time
Memories of the things we did
Some we're proud of, some we hid
So when two people have to part, sometimes it makes them stronger
Do you remember all of the bullshit, baby?
You say you love me with all your heart
If you ever loved me with all of your heart
You'd never take a million dollars to part
[Bridge]
I really tried, you know I tried, oh baby
Although we tried, all of those promises was nothin' but lies
I really tried, you know how hard I tried, really tried
(All that rehearsing, baby)
We really lied, didn't we baby?
And on top of that you have scandalized, my name
[Verse 2]
What I can't understand is if you love me
How could you turn me in to the police
Didn't I love you good and try to take care of you?
Best I could, you were so divine
And your love was like mellow winePains of love, miles of tears, enough to last me for my lifetime
Broken hearts last for years, so break away to the new-day sunshine
One thing I can promise, friend; I'll never be back again
But I'm not really bitter, babe
I wish you all the luck and all the love in the world
Good luck in the world
But I know you'll never be satisfied
No, you still want me standin' by your side
Memories haunt you all the time
I will never leave your mind
Got judgment on your side;
You've said bad things and you've lied
Still I remember some of the good things, baby
Like love after dark and picnics in parks
Those are the days I'll not forget in my life
I'd rather remember, remember the joy we shared baby
I'd rather remember all the fun we had
All I ever really wanted was
To love you and treat you right
All we did was fuss and fight
It don't matter baby
Take a lesson from it all (Come on)
I never thought I'd see the day when
You'd put me through what you put me through
You tried your best
You say I gave you no rest[Refrain/Outro]
When did you stop loving me?
When did I stop loving you?
When did you stop loving me?
When did I stop loving you?
When did you stop loving me?
When did I stop loving you?