[Produced by Havoc]
[Intro: Havoc]
Now, '94 to '95, innocent without crime
Drop that shit
[Verse 1: Prodigy]
Yeah, yeah, check it out
Now run for your life, or you wanna get your heat, whatever
We can die together
As long as I send your maggot ass to the essence
I don't give a fuck about my presence
I'm lost in the blocks of hate and can't wait
For the next crab nigga to step and meet fate
I'm lethal when I see you, there is no sequel
24/7, Mac-11 is my people
So why you wanna end your little life like this?
'Cause now you've bumped heads with kids that's lifeless
I live by the day only if I survive the last night
Damn right, I ain't tryna fight
We can settle this like some grown men on the concrete floor
My slugs will put a stop to your hardcore
Ways of action, I grab the gat, then
Ain't no turnin' back when I start blastin'
Pick up the handle and insert the potion
Cock the shit back in a calm-like motion
No signs of anger or fear 'cause you the one in danger
Never share your plans with a stranger, word is bond
Check it out, now
[Chorus: Prodigy]
I put the drop on you, kid, now I got you
You got the heart to get busy without your crew?
Let's get it on, nigga, do what we gotta do
You buckin' me? I'm buckin' right back at you
I put the drop on you, kid, now I got you
You got the heart to get busy without your crew?
Let's get it on, nigga, do what we gotta do
You buckin' me? I'm buckin' right back at you
[Verse 2: Havoc]
Fuck where you at, kid, it's where you're from
'Cause where I'm from, niggas pack nothin' but the big guns
Around my way, niggas don't got remorse for out-of-towners
Come through frontin' and get stuffed with the 3-pounder
The loud sounder, ear ringer
And I'mma point the finger at all you wannabe gunslingers
You got a real ice grill, but are you really real?
Step to the hill and I'mma test your gun skills
'Cause real niggas don't try to profile
You just a chump who needs to get drunk to buckwild
But swing that bullshit this way
And I'mma make your visit to the 'Bridge a motherfuckin' short stay
Queensbridge, that's where I'm from
The place where stars are born and phony rappers get done
Six blocks and you might not make it through
What you gonna do when my whole crew is blazin' at you?
With MACs and TECs to lend to get your dome crushed
You thought that you could come around my way and beef, stupid fuck?
What the hell you smokin'? What the fuck possessed you?
To come out your face, now I have to wet you
Throw on my Timbs, black mask and black serpent
Twist a nigga cap, then jump in the J-30 'cause I'm--[Chorus: Prodigy]
Puttin' the drop on you kid, now I got you
You got the heart to get busy without your crew?
Let's get it on nigga, do what we gotta do
You buckin' me? I'm buckin' right back at you
Puttin' the drop on you kid, now I got you
You got the heart to get busy without your crew?
Let's get it on nigga, do what we gotta do
You buckin' me? I'm buckin' right back at you
[Verse 3: Ghostface Killah, 
Raekwon
 & 
Both
]
Who's the richest nigga in the project? 
Who got it locked?
Rockin' convertibles, drop-tops and mad hot
Peace to that whiz kid and playas on his team
Who's organized, all eyeballs is on CREAM
And your whole clique got nothin' but raw shit
Whip after whip, stay flashin' your dick on tricks
Your whole crew's ravishin', team's untouchable
In the jungle, 
bangin' Nas, Mobb Deep and Wu
There's money out there, guns catch crumbs, those are your sons
Jums is in the mailboxes, bitches holdin' your guns
You know what's out there, thousands of grams wrapped in Saran
Sealed tight, keep the freshness
, that's how we expand
Masked Avenger, drop your gun, son, now surrender
Get ninja'd on the Island, plus the 'Bridge, 
boy, remember[Verse 4: Big Noyd]
My little thug's sellin' drugs and he's strugglin'
The game got him buggin', I tried to tell him "Slow down, cousin"
But he vexed, and niggas gettin' wet up in the projects
But with no doubt, shorties out for his respect
But is his brain insane from the lye?
From smokin' that 118 tiny tye
Why? A nigga just died last week
As he swore he was grown and he's a thug in the street
But it's like that, my crew pump cracks and we pack MAC
His eyes is wild with the rezzy monkey on his back
But I'm stressed and he need to be blessed
With a firepack, don't even go there 'cause it ain't like that
Slow down, baby, he said "What, you tryna play me?
You must be crazy", pulled out the heat and almost blazed me
Then he was Swayze
, the shot must've dazed me
Thug sellin' drugs, bustin' slugs, but he ain't crazy