[Intro: Big Boi, 
Killer Mike
, & 
JAY-Z
]
Yeah
ATLien style on y'all ass
Do or die, Aquemini
Killer Mike-Roc-A-Fella collaboration—holla!
Ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh
[Pre-Verse: JAY-Z & 
Big Boi
]
Young Hov in the place to be (Woo!)
Big Boi in the place to be (Young!)
André 3000 (Kast!) Shout out to public housing (Bitch! Holla!)
I brought the whole hood with me
You got red dirt in your afro
Young Hov' in the place to be (Yeah, yeah)
OutKast in the place to be
[Verse 1: Big Boi]
Did you ever think that you would be the nigga on the block?
Didn't have to break a steering column, didn't have to cook a rock
A damn goodie two-shoes, that what they call you (Ugh)
Never judge a person or a book by its covers (Yeah)
Just because my tone is darker than yours, a little tanner
You never took the time out, examine yourself, boy
Are you Black, white, Asian?
Indonesian or Borean—that's Black and Korean
We on the same team if we breathing
I jumped off the subject to see if you was seeing
That we drop a little science off in every verse
They put that P.A. sticker on it 'cause they scared we gon' curse
But the knowledge is the power (Power)
The cowards get devoured
Any hour, any cipher, any way to any height (Ugh)
Because I might just snap on a fuck-ass nigga (Bitch)
Might clap a cap at a sucker-ass nigga
In the meantime, Daddy Fat Sax gon' chill out
He might just pull out his pistol
And let that thing whistle at your windshield or your residence
Superman to Clark Kents, you better be way harder
Than the park bench to start this
Marcus, Jason, my little brother James—
All my brothers from my mama, but Andre is just the same (Ooh)
Ain't no "uno," we a duo: deuce, dos, deux, a pair
A player stiffen the competition
Pressed like Levi's and Tuffskins
One minus one; negative one minus negative one is nothing (Ugh)
Busting D-boy raps and player poems
The 'Kast shit ain't plastic, we smash it and move the crowd
And rock the crowd, original material while you bore 'em
Your live show consists of everybody's shit but yours
Do your own shit! In your live show (Biting-ass nigga)
Yeah, yeah, yeah[Pre-Verse: JAY-Z]
Young Hov' in the place to be (Woo!)
Big Boi in the place to be (Ugh, Young!)
André 3000 (Kast!) shout out to public housing (Bitch! Holla)
I brought the whole hood with me (Yeah, yeah)
Young Hov' in the place to be (Woo!)
Big Boi in the place to be (Ugh, Young!)
André 3000 (Kast!) shout out to public housing (Bitch! Holla)
I brought the whole hood with me (Yeah, yeah)
[Verse 2: Big Boi]
Penelope Ann Cruz couldn't snooze
With her 
Eyes Wide Shut
, before I asked to hit her gut
If you brunette, 
Legally Blonde
, I might respond
Take you to 
Swan Lake
 and beyond
Antwan raps on, raps on
Clap-off, clap-on
I switch the flow so quick, you cannot fathom
I take a submarine two thousand leagues below the sea
And try to grab one line or sentence
Rhyme repentance, find the illest lyricist
And give him a clean bill of health
Wealth might make you look good, but you sound like shit
And your team looking shitty to death
[Verse 3: Killer Mike & 
Big Boi
]
My nigga Big Boi said:
"Watch 'em as they gawk and they gander
You can follow, or lead like 
Commander Picard
You can have 'The Whole World'
Or be satisfied with the boulevard—overstand!"
This young player's rhyme
I forego'd the crime and I focused on rhyme
Focused on every word and line
Like a young Cassius Clay in his prime
I was born to talk shit and prove mine, and I'm
The epitome of raw rhyme
Got signed, got serious about the craft
Of raw rhyme and I got mine—Aqueminis
Murderous monster, move minds
Spit it so hard that it oughta be a crime
When you see I'm coming, holla "One-time," holla "One-time"
When you see I'm coming, holla "One-time" (
"One-time"
)[Pre-Verse: JAY-Z]
Young Hov in the place to be (Woo!)
Big Boi in the place to be (Ugh, Young!)
André 3000 (Kast!), shout out to public housing (Bitch! Holla)
I brought the whole hood with me (Yeah, yeah)
Young Hov in the place to be (Woo!)
Big Boi in the place to be (Ugh, Young!)
André 3000 (Kast!), shout out to public housing (Bitch! Holla)
I brought the whole hood with me (Yeah, yeah)
[Chorus: Big Boi, Sleepy Brown, & Debra Killings]
Don't you like to groove in your hoopty
In your old flip-flops or choose to wear your tennis shoes?
Does it matter to you
That OutKast, we got that skunk for y'all
Keep that pump for y'all
[Verse 4: JAY-Z]
When I'm in the mood, I rock the S. Dot tennis shoes
As a interlude, I got the Gucci flip-flops
And I fix it up like gin and juice when I'm in them interviews
Dudes wanna know what he copped
And where you got that, and how could they buy that
"Where the million-dollar watch at?" Stop that!
"Why that? Why this?" Niggas wanna hijack the flyness
I'm on a whole 'nother plane (Woo)
A whole different lane, a whole 'nother game that I'm playin' (Ugh)
Understand what I'm saying?
Hov' and OutKast, what you think about that?
Really don't matter, though, what you niggas chatter, though
Anybody get out of line, then you trust
That the MAC'll go b-r-r-r-r-ap (Rrrat!)
Got you chilled for that alone
Back on the shit, back on the strip
Another hit, I'm not gon' miss
[Chorus: Big Boi, Sleepy Brown, & Debra Killings]
Don't you like to groove in your hoopty
In your old flip-flops or choose to wear your tennis shoes?
Does it matter to you
That OutKast, we got that skunk for y'all
Keep that pump for y'all
[Outro: Big Boi]
Y-Yeah