[Intro: 
Popa Wu
 & 
Raekwon
]
You know
, 
God
, 
I just been, you know what I'm sayin'?
Doing my regular thing, man
So I'ma get back up with you though, baby
Know what I'm sayin'? You know you my nigga, kid
I'ma always come through for you, baby
 (Yo, man)
Like I was sayin', this shit is real though, man (
All the time
)
This shit is so real, man, you already know (
Word
)
(Arm and Leg, Leg, Arm and Head)
Yo, man, that's you man (
Bring her over here
)
Yo, peace, Rae, peace, God
(We've got the powers to resurrect the dead)
What's up, baby? God damn, look at you, man
Damn, God, I love the shit out you, man
Man, I done watched you, man, since you was a little crumb-snatcher
A little weed-hopper lookin' to runnin' around here, man
Look at you, baby, you look good, you understand?
(We've got the powers to resurrect the dead)
I've watched you go through a lot of trials and tribulations, Rae
(
G-O-D's my reality
)
But you know something? Like I used to always tell you, baby
A good listener's a good learner
I see you listened very well, you understand?
(I'm elevating strong and I'm gonna go on to the highest degree)
Your time is comin', baby
And see, sometime, it could be like a, a rear view, you know what I'm sayin'?
And people don't know when their blessing comes
But I've watched you grow, baby, man, and you's a very intelligent man
Man, I watched you when I would just sit down
And you would just trick me out my money, shootin' dice, nigga, is you crazy? Hahahaha (Crazy, you crazy, man)
(G-O-D's my reality)
Yo, man, you remember that shit, man?
When we would be down there in the hills and shit, man?
(I'm elevating strong I'm gonna go on to the highest degree)
And you'd catch the— oh, here come Old Man Freed
"Yeah, I'ma get him, ya little slick ass" (
Hahahaha
)
Talk to me, baby, you know what I'm sayin'? (
Hahaha
)
I remember all them things
But I'm watchin' you growin' (
Yeah
)
But remember one thing, Rae, like I used to tell you
The child you was was making you the man you is today
And if you don't know where you came from, baby
You damn sure know— you don't know where you're goin'
Can you see what I'm saying?
(We've got the powers to resurrect the dead, oh)
Know which way you traveling
You understand? And follow that destiny and follow the light
And it'll set you free
(G-O-D's my reality)
'Cause I've watched you, baby, you my main man (
Yeah
)
(I'm elevating strong and we're gonna go on to the highest degree)
[Verse: Raekwon]
Now that could be the Wu-Tang production
Start to knuckle up and gun shots start to click, the block's duckin'
Could it be and would it be that we was babies?
Catchin' rabies, niggas seem to act crazy
Day one in my spot, July the tenth
I had a mint, stickin' up Devines hittin' them with nines
I was toxie from layin' up in Roxy's all night
This nigga bust a shot, licked my man's wife
It was havoc, I contact the Abbot
He shook the shoulder though,
 then he passed the phat chrome automatic
We goin' to war, you know he had a two-to-four
He would've did it for me, fuck it, let's mosie
Scheming dough with the P.L.O. wrapped on tight
Sayin' in my mic, "Yo, we gotta go"
My first impression was to ask some lessons
Question one, what made you even show your gun and blow the session?
He replied and rocked the green eye
And, yo, he started yellin', "Them niggas sellin' two for fives"
But he's a goner 
and I got my corner
, what?
I'm feeding my babies, cash rules from morn' to dawning
[Outro: Popa Wu & 
Raekwon
]
Yeah, Rae, baby, check it out
(Arm and Leg, Leg, Arm and Head)
Feedin' my babies, cash rules from morn' to dawning
Only God is the son of man
(We've got the powers to resurrect the dead, oh)
I'ma say this to you one time, and be certain that fake God does not exist
(G-O-D's my reality)
(I'm elevating strong, we're gonna go on to the highest degree)
This is why the universe, by the self-balancing scale of divine knowledge
And it was measured by the portion of solid knowledge
No man can judge for another
(Arm and Leg, Leg, Arm and Head)
But each man must weigh all facts and circumstances
(We've got the powers to resurrect the dead)
And find truth in his own judgment of righteousness
See, the way to evil, balance equality in no man
(Arm and Leg, Leg, Arm and Head)
(We've got the powers to resurrect the dead)
For no man is good and bad at the same time
Either he's good or he's bad