[Intro]
Plug
Word, yo (Know what I'm sayin'?), word (Yo)
Know what I'm saying?
You know— You know we had the baddest motherfuckin' (No doubt, no doubt)
Unit back in the days kid (I know that son, I know that)
You know that (You know I know that), know what I'm saying? (Know what I'm saying?)
I miss all my niggas, though, believe me, and I'll never forget none of 'em (Word up, word up, know what I'm sayin?)
Su, Tyrese, Size, you know what I'm saying? (Rob, you know what I'm saying?)
Eddie, motherfuckin'— all them wild-ass niggas, man (Yeah, yeah)
You know what I'm saying? (I hear you)
L, yo, man (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Shit is wild, though, God, you know what I'm saying God? (Tyrese, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Word up, you know what I'm saying? (Powerful, word up, word up)
So you let my shit go at the count of three, though, you know what I'm saying? (Take your time, take your time)
[Verse 1]
Fake niggas throw shit in they drinks
Club nights we snatch links, politic, Africans and Chinks
Wide World of Sport niggas
 snort coke by the seconds
Niggas projects filled with fiends injecting morphine
The God seen more cream, and upstate
Cousin Reek, almost got hit with fourteen
Chill, pa, the God'll be a star when you come home
Light bones and let you rock my 3G stone
So, see cousin, yo, I was working, cats I'm jerking
And uptown these niggas acting like they hurting
Keys 20 for a brick
Colombians be on some bullshit
, that's why papi got hit
Stay tuned, word up, I hope to see you in June
By the way, I seen your bitch, she was up in this cat's room
Skied up, weaved the fuck up, to top it off
Look beat up with two crack fiends hugging your seed up
I took care of that, though, but don't worry 'bout it
I got your back, though
[Chorus]
Yo, why's my niggas always yelling that broke shit?
Let's get money son, now you wanna smoke shit
Chill, God, yo, the son don't chill, Allah
What's today's mathematics, son?
 
Knowledge God[Verse 2]
Fly like cashmere, last year, my team caught bodies in Grasmere
Hit a store owner named Mike Lavogna
Italiano, slanted-eye, banging a fat Milano
Selling coke right out the bottle
Sometime a nigga bought nines to test with mines (Sit back, relax)
Crazy piece, buying keys in Greece
Was a rich nigga, picture the nigga without dough figures
Condo with his chick, rocking the gold vigor
Mafia flicks, tying up tricks was his main hobby
Teaching his seed Wu-Tang karate
Mixing drinks in clubs, hairy chest with many minks
Night time rolling with snakes
Extra live, he claimed he couldn't die, top rank
Sixteen shots in his fish tank
And his pet piranha, he named him Marijuana
Smoking ganja, calling his weed pipe Sandra
Claiming New York was ancient Babylon
Where the sky stayed the color of grey, like heron
I can't front though, truck loads of Indo
Soon to blow slow, his ass is out now, tally-ho
[Chorus]
Yo, why's my niggas always yelling that broke shit?
Let's get money son, now you wanna smoke shit
Chill, God, yo, the son don't chill, Allah
What's today's mathematics, son?
 Knowledge God
Yo, why's my niggas always yelling that broke shit?
Let's get money son, now you wanna smoke shit
Chill, God, yo, the son don't chill, Allah
What's today's mathematics, son?
 Knowledge God
Yo, why's my niggas always yelling that broke shit?
Let's get money son, now you wanna smoke shit
Chill, God, yo, the son don't chill, Allah
What's today's mathematics, son?
 Knowledge God[Outro]
Yeah, uh-huh, uh-huh, Miami niggas
Word up, show your love
Yeah y'all, yeah y'all, yeah
Word up, London, Europe, Africa
Word up, the fifty-two states, yeah
Catch me later, word up, yeah, yeah
About to make moves and slide like grease
Moves and slide like grease