[Skit: Raekwon & 
Ghostface Killah
]
*St. Ides Commercial*
And all that good shit (
Yeah
)
Know what I'm sayin', you comin'—
You comin' lookin' flavorful, you know what I mean? (
Word
)
You the— You the whole— You the whole shit of the whole night (
Word
)
But I seen it, though, know what I'm sayin'?
 (You seen it, right?)
Like a Zenith, you know?
 (Yeah, yeah)
My G's too futuristic for that shit, you know what I'm sayin'? 
 (Yeah, yeah) 
Word
Yeah, she tried to get a little swerve kid on you?
Tried to, man, know what I'm sayin'? But she didn't— she couldn't pull it off, man
 (Yeah)
God
 (Right)
She couldn't pull it off because the drawers, you know?
 (Word)
Fuck that mess, though, you know what I'm sayin'?
But, yo, though, on the real
Yo, yo, tonight feel like a nigga get burnt, right?
 (Yeah, yeah)
Feel like you hearin' something tomorrow, right?
Something like "Yo, Flozzy Flozz"
 (It's the wind, I'm tellin' you)
Yeah, yeah, word
 (It's the air, I can feel it)
It feel hot, it feel— feel hot at night and shit, like the sun ain't even out
 (Word, it's like this—)
Yo, the sun don't shine, though, but, you know what I'm sayin'?
 (Word)
[Intro: Raekwon]
Yeah, one-two, one-two, nigga
Line for line, line for line, how we get down wit' the rhyme
Yo, it be a line for line, line for line, this is how we get down
Yeah, line for line, line for line, this is how we get down, yo
[Verse: Raekwon]
Can you feel me?
Storytellin' rap Magellan, I ain't tellin'
Them niggas ran in the spot for sellin'
Word up, pushed up, man got mushed up
Seen him at a rap show, actin' like 
Fat Cat
, though
Glasses gold, shinin' like a real big boy
This nigga had mega ice on, chips ahoy
Cats surrounded this political brown kid
All out the wind, yo, my man walked in
Pullin' mints out, son had mad clientele
Ordered me 
Cristal
 twice, Kion, chill
Watch them niggas, ayo, that clique's from outta state
They bubble weight in Far Rockaway with Blake Carrington
You know the kid with the most dough getters
Anteras on fat shit, clique, 
they rock Lo sweaters
That's my man, that's my man, too
Call him up on the strength of the Wu
And watch me game duke
Grab the cell, I got a heist to pull off well
At the end of the week, I'm buyin' you a L
Lexus, nigga, I ain't talkin' 'bout Hancock
No time for weed, plus no time to get locked
That night, up in the staircase
Cousin had me laced out, skied all outta my face
We gon' get dat crunchy chump for all of his lump
Don't try to front, you was sweatin' this Hilfiger, nigga
Guess who walked in havin' it? His man from Farragut
Confront him with the Ruger on his back, walk in, black
Where's your man? Where's the sky blue Land at?
Stop playin', Wu in the back, smacked him wit' the gat
Yo
, money said he'd be here in fifteen!
He's not lyin', 
wait for the Millenia green to pull up
He got the Donna Karan shit on
, two rings
Six carats a piece plus the chain swings
Like anchors on ships flooded with all diamond chips
Back pockets, two clips, four-fifths wit' rubber grips layin'
Two bottles of brass I was slayin'
Meditatin', red dot be waitin' for my payment
Heard the key in the lock, cocked the Glock, turned the lights out
Dipped behind the couch, Kion, gag his mouth
Infrared at his head when he entered
Butter soft Perry Ellis leather with Dorinda
A friend of Kion's wife, Kenya, the bitch larger than life
Yo, shorty be fuckin' mad Colombian niggas
Fuck it, get on the floor, meet the black Lex Luthor
Strip fast, the bitch had on Claiborne drawers
"Yo, Rae, I'm about to scrape her", chill, Ghost
Thought for a second, turned around, threw the nine in his meatloaf
Yo, where's the cash and the stash that's mixed?
"I don't know", shot his hand, he started screamin' like a bitch