[Intro]
Yo man, you gotta be... you know
You gotta be on to die, man, what's up with that?
Yo bro-shot
Yeah, word up bro-shot
Uh, we need some brothers to be, uh, like dropping knowledge
And writin' good stuff
Ay man, why don't you quit talkin all the stuff and do something about it?
You know what I'm sayin?
Oh, you talking about.. kick some, uh, knowledge...
Yeah, well you do that like right now
... and some wisdom for the people
What's up with that?
OK, I got it
(brothers and sisters)
[Verse 1: Fatlip]
Ya mom is so fat (how fat is she?)
Ya mama is so big and fat that she can get busy
With twenty-two burritos, but times are rough
I seen her in the back of Taco Bell with handcuffs
The sad fact (what?) ya mama smokes crack (what?)
She got a burning yearning and there's no turning back
Her knuckles drag down to the ground when she walk
Spit comes out that bitch mouth when she talk
[Refrain]
Naked on a mountain top, tootin on a flizoot
Ridin' on a horse drinking whisky out a bizoot
She's got the wings and teeth of an African bat
Her middle name is Mudbone and on top of all that
Ya mama got a glass eye with the fish in it
Ya mama got a glass eye with the fish in it
I said ya mama got a glass eye with the fish in it
Ya mama, ya mama, ya mama
[Verse 2: Bootie Brown]
Ya mama look like she's been in the dryer with some rocks
With the big bust nose sucking dirt out of socks
Held up the ice cream truck with a slingshot
She grabbed a bag of Cheese Corn and a soda pop
Ya mama root'n'toot and stole my loot and my suit
She may have the muscles, but no, she's not cute
She's not pretty, oh what a pity, got the glass titty
Filled up with Kool-aid, just for the kiddies[Refrain]
On a cliff butt naked, tootin' on a flute
Ridin' on a horse drinkin' whisky out a boot
She's got the teeth and the wings of an African bat
Her middle name is Mudbone and on top of all that
Ya mama got the wooden legs with real feet
Ya mama got the wooden legs with real feet
I said Ya mama got the wooden legs with real feet
Ya mama, ya mama, ya mama
[Verse 3: Imani]
Watch out, I'm thinkin about your mother to a funky beat
I went to your house, and she licked me on the cheek
I said excuse me lady, but I remember seeing you at the Palladium
Way back in September
'Cause you was beatboxin' for Lou Rawls
In some bright red boxer drawers
You said ya moms was pretty and young
But she's old as dirt and got hair on her tongue
[Refrain]
Ya moms, ya moms, she uses Brut
Ridin' on a horse drinkin' whisky out a boot
She's got the wings and teeth of an African bat
Her middle name is Mudbone, and on top of all that
Ya mama's got a peg leg with a kickstand
Ya mama's got a peg leg with a kickstand
I said ya mama's got a peg leg with a kickstand
Ya mama, ya mama, ya mama[Verse 4: Slimkid3]
Awwwwwwww, ya mom is so fat (how fat is she?)
We rode up on her back to get some burgers from Wendy's
And her skates went flat; I got stuck in her butt crack
They thought I was lost but I was caught by the G-strap
Heaven forbid a giant fart would give way
'Cause that would blow me round the world in a day
We drove into the drive-in and she didn't have to pay
Because we dressed her up to look just like a Chevrolet
[Refrain]
Naked on a mountain top tootin' on a flizoot
Ridin' on a horse drinkin' whisky out a boot
With the wings and the teeth of an African bat, ba-aa-aa-at
Her middle name is Mudbone and on top of all that
Ya mama's got an afro, with a chin strap
Ya mama's got an afro, with a chin strap
I said ya mama's got an afro, with a chin strap
Ya mama, ya mama, ya mama
[Outro]
Ya mama got snake skin teeth
Ya mama wears coat hangers for earrings , dude she looks like.... hehehe
Ya mama was making sex threats to Ricky Bell and shit
Ya mama jacked the Kool-aid man for a sip, nigga
Ya mama was walking down on Sunset with a 99 cent sign on her back
(You're a sellout) ya mama's a sellout nigga ya mama
Nigga ya mama did a pop tune nigga
Ya mama's glasses are so thick she look into a map
And see people wavin' at her
Your mother got an Ouija board on her back
Sidney with EQ and everything what he be sayin
His mother be hooked, fishin' with a hook and reel at the frozen food section
Tre's mama got Playdough teeth
Ya mother be eatin' Daytons like Now and Laters and shit
Ya mama's an extra on the Simpsons and shit
Ya mama's so fat you can't even see her legs
It just looks like she's just gliding across the floor...