[Intro]
Yo Fatlip man
Yo man they tryin' to run a power move on us man
Yo man
You got to tell the suckers what's up boy
Yeah ha-ha
[Verse 1: Fatlip]
I got a letter from the DMV the other day
I opened and read it, it said they were suckers
They tried to tell me that my license was suspended
I got offended for a minute then pretended
That I never even got the damn letter
It's nine o'clock on the dot, so I think I'd better
Scoot off to school, 'cause in class there's a test
I gotta dress fast, grab my glasses and my vest
Oh damn, as hardheaded as I am
Hopped in my hooptie ride
, 
pumped up the jam
Put it in reverse into first and disperse and
From that very moment on my day got worse
[Verse 2: Bootie Brown]
As I was standing in the street, I suddenly seen the smoke
I know that Derrick's on his way, I ran to get my coat
And a bag from the room, it took a minute, boom
Hopped into the car, we drove away in a zoom
I assume doom as we were drivin' on the gravel
At any given minute we could have a shortened travel
So I ramble about my life 'cause that's in shambles
Shoulda took the bus
A bus without the silence or some old Nikes
I wish we had good bikes
We need to exercise, maybe we could take a hike
An' you could give Sheri back those car keys
Because everywhere I walk I would not have to say please
[Hook]
Please, don't pull me over Mr. Officer
Don't pull me over Mr. Officer please
Please, don't pull me over Mr. Officer
Don't pull me over Mr. Officer please
Please, don't pull me over Mr. Officer
Don't pull me over Mr. Officer please
Please, don't pull me over Mr. Officer
Don't pull me over Mr. Officer please
[Verse 3: Imani]
Away to our destination
No license no insurance, not even registration
Tags on the plate say December '82
Car's so dirty it looks gray, but it's really blue
Who would think we're up to good
Four black niggas ridin' through the neighborhood
In hats and glasses, makin' funny passes
Like drivin' slowly, playin' low-key for asses
Knowin' damn well one-time will harass us
And all the while, we see girls jog
Sheri's little car is pourin' out smog
Then we made a right and I spotted one in tights (ooh)
(Yo baby what's up, pull over)[Interlude]
You live with your homeboys?
Yeah I live with my homeboys
That's where you're takin' me, to your house where your homeboys are?
I mean but they're not home
You ain't got your own crib?
Naw I ain't got
(5-0 man, 5-0)
[Verse 4: Slimkid3]
Lights, action, without the camera
Si-reens and high beams, two to a tee
The blue coat billy goats are crowding up my rear view
Hot on the tail of an innocent being
My heartbeat is racin' at a pace so fast
I'm wishin' that the coppers would get off my ass
My tail, can't go to jail 'cause it's wack
What would happen to my girl and my record contract
Yo fellas (what), take off the baseball caps
Word up I heard that the nerves get tapped
And throw on the glasses and give up the tees
Oh please don't pull me over officer please
I'm discombobulated (what), discombobulated (what)
Discombobulated malfunctionated faded
F-a-d-e-d
, I can't believe it's me
Oh please, oh please, oh please, oh please
Oh please[Hook]
Please, don't pull me over Mr. Officer
Don't pull me over Mr. Officer please
Please, don't pull me over Mr. Officer
Don't pull me over Mr. Officer please
Please, don't pull me over Mr. Officer
Don't pull me over Mr. Officer please
Please, don't pull me over Mr. Officer
Don't pull me over Mr. Officer please
[Outro]
You don't have a license, you have a warrant, you have ninety parking tickets...we have to take you in uh...
Give me break, shit man I didn't do nothin' man
OK so, so nobody has a license? OK uh...
How're you gonna accuse me of doin' something, dude?
Yeah you guys are definitely goin' to jail here, OK let's get that impound truck uh right over here, um
We're getting pulled over we're going to jail