[Busta Rhymes (Left Eye)]
Ah, oooh yes! (Ah hah)
Busta Rhymes in the place y'all!
Let me tell ya a little something real quick, check it out (Stop)
(Crazy) Yeah, alright (Sexy) Busta, (Cool) 1995 (Crazy)
This year I want one of them (Sexy) crazy, sexy, (Cool) cool women
Ya know what I'm sayin'? Haha, word up (Yeah)
One of them real crazy, just sexy just cool women (*Sipping*)
Ya know what I mean baby, baby, baby, baby
Check me out (Ha)
Ah ha
Ya know I want one of them Crazy women that just
Be ready to rip somebody face off for her man (Whoo!)
Ya know what I mean? Haha (Haha)
Word up (Do it)
One of them Crazy women that'll come down to the spot (Really)
Where all the niggas is at
Represent, cuz she know her man ain't doin' right. Haha
Word up (Talk to me)
Ya know but at the same time she gotta be
Like, real Sexy like
So when she come out she ain't like
Mispresentin' herself
She lettin' it be known that she's official (That's right)
Word is bond, check me out
Ya know what I mean?
But at the same time like
With all that Craziness and that Sexiness
She gotta come wit dat ol'
Oooh dat ol' Cool shizimisms (Ha)
Word to God, she gotta be Cool (Yes)
So that she ain't blowin off the lid (Crazy)
In front of my men's like, ya know what I'm sayin' (Sexy)
Come around she can get down (Cool) with the crew (Come on)
Let the crew know she representin' that she ain't havin' it (Crazy)
But you know (Sexy) like, you know (Cool)
She gotta represent, get the job handled, take care of that bidness
Ya know like, I want one of them girls like
Ya know like T-Boz (Say what?)
Like Left Eye (Say huh?)
Chilli, ya knowimsayin?
Crazy and Sexy, Cool (Crazy) women (Sexy, Cool)
Word up, that's how we gettin' down this year, (Crazy) brotha
(Sexy, Cool) Ya know what I mean, brotha (Rock on)
Haha, Busta Rhymes (Yeah)
I need one of them crazy sexy women brother
(Lord yes you need one!)
Word up! (Can I get an amen?! Amen!)
Give me one of them crazy sexy women!
(Well, can I get a witness?! Can I get a witness?!)
(Can I get a witness?)
For real