
Girl, this is crazy, let me tell you

I can't believe all of the things they say about me ('Bout me)
Walk in the room they throwing shade left to right
They be like, "Ooh, she serving face"
And I just tell 'em cut me up and get down
They call us dirty 'cause we break all yo' rules down (Yeah)
And we just came to act a fool, is that all right? (Girl, that's alright)
They be like, "Ooh, let them eat cake"
But we eat wings and throw them bones on the ground

Am I a freak for dancing around? (Am I a freak?)
Am I a freak for getting down?
I'm cutting up, don't cut me down (Don't cut me, no)
Yeah, I wanna be, wanna be Queen (I just wanna be)

Is it peculiar that she twerk in the mirror?
And am I weird to dance alone late at night? (Nah)
And is it true we're all insane? (Yeah)
And I just tell 'em, "No we ain't," and get down
I heard this life is just a play with no rehearsal
I wonder will this be my final act tonight
And tell me what's the price of fame?
Am I a sinner wit' my skirt on the ground?
Am I a freak for dancing around? (But am I a freak, hey)
Am I a freak for getting down? (Don't judge me)
I'm cutting up, don't cut me down (Judge me now)
Yeah, I wanna be, wanna be Queen

Hey brother, can you save my soul from the devil?
Say is it weird to like the way she wear her tights? (But I like it)
And is it rude to wear my shades?
Am I a freak because I love watchin' Mary? (Maybe)
Hey sister, am I good enough for your heaven?
Say will your God accept me in my black and white?
Will he approve the way I'm made?
Or should I reprogram, deprogram and get down?

Am I a freak for dancing around?
Am I a freak for getting down? (Hey)
I'm cutting up, don't cut me down (Even when he cut you down you got to carry on)
Yeah, I wanna be, wanna be Queen

Even if it makes others uncomfortable
I will love who I am
Even if it makes others uncomfortable
I will love who I am
Ooh, shake 'til the break of dawn
Don't mean to sing so tough, I can't take it no more
Baby, me and tuxedo groove
Pharaohs and E. Badu
Crazy in the black and white
We got the drums so tight
Baby, here comes your freedom song
Too strong, we movin' on
Baby, this melody will show you another way
Been 'droids for far too long
Come home and sing yo' song
But you gotta testify, because the booty don't lie
No, no, the booty don't lie, oh no, the booty don't lie

Yeah, yeah, let's flip it
I don't think they understand what I'm trying to say
Haha, yeah, uh, I asked a question like this

Are we a lost generation of our people?
Add us to equations but they'll never make us equal
She who writes the movie owns the script and the sequel
So why ain't the stealing of my rights made illegal?
They keep us underground workin' hard for the greedy
But when it's time pay they turn around and call us needy
My crown too heavy like the Queen Nefertiti
Gimme back my pyramid, I'm trying to free Kansas City
Mixing masterminds like your name Bernie Grundman
Well I'ma keep leadin' like a young Harriet Tubman
You can take my wings but I'm still gonna fly
And even when you edit me the booty don't lie
Yeah, I'ma keep sangin', I'ma keep writin' songs
I'm tired of Marvin askin' me "What's Going On?"
March through the streets 'cause I'm willin' and I'm able
Categorize me, I defy every label
And while you're sellin' dope, we're gonna keep sellin' hope
We rising up now, you gotta deal you gotta cope
Will you be electric sheep? Electric ladies, will you sleep?
Or will you preach?